well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
making mistakes and admitting them
everybody makes mistakes admitting them
is uh the first step in stopping it
because a mistake just compounds
until it's admitted and corrected
the likelihood of somebody admitting a
mistake
is uh diametrically opposed
to how much of their image
is based on the idea that they're
infallible
if they push the idea that they're
always right when they make a mistake
they're very reluctant
to admit it and therefore they're very
reluctant to change it
we have made mistakes in this country
we've made them throughout history
and we've made some big ones very
recently
this is born out in the evidence when
you compare
how the us is doing versus other
countries
those in political office those who make
policy do not want to admit their
mistakes
around the same time that
public health experts were advising
policymakers
on the mistakes that were made and we're
saying hey the reason this is going on
is because we didn't shut down far
enough and we reopened too soon
there were students walking around two
schools
those students were positive
as of yet there has been no change in
policy
we will find out in a couple of weeks
how many
if any those positive students
transmitted it to and then a little
while later we'll find out
how many the students who had it
transmitted to them
how many people they transmitted it to
and it's just gonna go on
we made mistakes and we're not admitting
them
the longer public health officials have
to talk to a wall
the longer this is going to go on our
policy makers have to admit
that they made mistakes they're flawed
that's okay
i understand when you're looking at 150
000 gone
because of the mistakes it's hard to
admit that that's your fault
but that number will double
or triple depending on how long
it takes them to admit their mistakes
and correct them
for those that don't care about the
human cost
the economy will suffer the longer this
goes on
it will get worse and worse it will
compound
there has to be a unified response there
has to be a unified plan of action
otherwise this will just continue it
will drag on
we've seen it it's in history books
this is how it happens
and this is mainly at this point
there's a pretty pretty pretty
overwhelming consensus
on what works and what doesn't
at this point the only thing stopping us
from solving this issue from working
towards
getting things back to normal are
politicians
who want things back to normal now and
are too
arrogant and too concerned with their
own ego
to admit that they were wrong
those politicians who made mistakes
that's okay it's okay to make mistakes
not correcting them that's when it
becomes a real issue
the american people will forgive
mistakes
they won't forgive people being lost
because of arrogance
and that's what it boils down to now
you have politicians ripping into public
health experts
because they don't like the answers
they're getting because the answers
don't match
the political talking points they were
handed by another politician
it's time to admit our mistakes
as a country and this goes to the
handling of this crisis
and all of the mistakes that we made
before that we try to sweep under the
rug
we all know they were made admit them
so we can fix them if we pretend like
they weren't made
they will go on all of these issues will
go on
the public health crisis all systemic
issues
will continue until we admit that
they're there
they will continue to be a drag on the
economy a drag on human life
and a drag on the american way of life
we cannot make america great
until we admit that we weren't
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day